INTRODUCTION!!!!!!
    Thank you for giving me this opportunity. Hi, you can call me Jennifer. I am an informatics student from Petra Christian University, currently on my 6th semester. I enjoy coding as its develop my skills in logics, math, and critical thinking. My hobbies includes arts such as illustration and 3d modelling. I also like solving puzzles and doing challenges. 

BIGGEST STRENGTHS!!!!!
    My greatest strenghts is in my ability to seek knowledge and embrace problems or challenges. I am a kind of person that is willing to learn and adapt to overcome challenges. So I don't back down easily, instead I will work really hard to overcome the challenges. 

    I am also the kind of person who will gladly accept people's perspective about me. I try to be self aware as much as I can to tackle my weaknesses. To change my self for the better

WEAKNESS!!!!!
    My major weakness is that I focus too much. And yea while it sounds great, it is actually not. If I am given a task, moreover the challenging ones, I would work really hard to finish it. Disregarding other stuff. In result, I would be late for dinner or maybe even forgetting to drink while working. It is something that I still actively trying to work on.

    HOW PERBAIKI?
        I've tried setting up alarms for breaks, but it didn't sit quite well since I often disregard it. And then I tried setting up little milestones in my work, like for example, a work will be divided in 8 parts. And if I have finished one part, I would rest a bit, drink water, and basically manage myself to able be take care of my well being instead of just working.

EXPERIENCES
    ASSISTANT LECTURER (under pressure)
        Intro: So its basically a job, and I was given the trust to assist student in their studies, I ensured the students have no difficulties in learning the subject

        Problem: Since it is the first time I become an assistant, I have a bit of a hard time adapting to it and I never had much experience in assisting and teaching students. Moreover the subject uses a different curiculum from what I had expected.

        Solution: So the solution for me is I talked to my peers that already has experience in this. I seek their perspective on how I should be doing this job and I learned from their stories. So actively trying to collaborate with my work partner to essentially get things right. And I was quite happy with the outcome because with that hardwork, I manage to make the class more lively than the first few weeks. I noticed that by caring and understanding the students, they will more likely be comfortable in communicating with me. They started to not hestitate in asking questions and opinions and I give them help that fits their needs.

        What I learned: Through this experience I learned to listen to my peers with different perspective and understanding what people needs
    
    IRGL (conflict within peers)
        Intro: In this organization, I was assigned to create a game for a competition. Testing the game and introduced the game to the players during the event.
        
        Problem: The problem is more on the timeline and coding the game itself. So we have a set timeline, but it isnt often followed by this division. The timeline itself was a bit of a mess since it doesnt take account of our division struggles. Our division is given a set of deadlines that arent really proper, either it is too long or too short, therefore creating a lot of problems for work that actually needs a long time to finish

        Solution: I was determined, I know I can change the system. I talked to coordinator and persuaded him to make a timeline for ourself. We know that we can't work with the suggested timeline since we all have different schedule and different speed of work. And yea, the coordinator listened to me and started to change their approach. He started to contact us individually and making sure we are making progress like I suggested. 
        
        And for the coding problem itself, I requested him to make short targets for me with a short period of time because I know that I can be motivated with that. And while I was working on the game, I also requested to voice call to communicate with him in which he happily agrees since he also needs to see my progress. That results me finishing 90% of a 3 month job in 1 month.

        What I learned: Through this experience I learned to make positive changes by gathering up courage to confront the coordinator. Making changes that gives us flexibility also making us feel cared and comfortable.
    
    VERITAS
        Intro: So it is a community event and I was given trust to design posters, decorate venue, etc. I also documented the event through photography.
        
        Problem: The only problem was probably a bit of a conflict when designing the poster. So basically I have to design a poster that fits what the event head lecturer wants. It was a tedious back and forth communication. I tried to do what they want but when I presented it to them, there was always something missing or not enough that he didnt even mentioned before.

        Solution: So the solution for me is I confronted him to actually tells me fully on what they want. Although I know that I am capable of that back and forth revision, but I am worried that it will continue till the supposed deadline. I listed what he wants, listen and seek advice from him on how I should make it, and collaborating with my partner for different perspective, discusing on how the best result should be achieved. And I was finally able to finish the poster in time.

        What I learned: Through this experience I learned to communicate and fit what people need, collaborating with my peers to achieve the best result.

    INBULLZ
        Intro: Inbullz wasn't really a good experience for me. It was rather an experience that made me realize how the lack of leadership can really affect an organization.
        
        Problem: The problem was, this organization doesn't have a vision, they just do stuff without thinking whether or not it is impactful. I was in the IT division, and we were given some training on how to make a website and while the training itself is good, the web we made isn't what people want or need. We were given a task to make a certain type of web and told us to meet the objective within the deadline

        Solution: So yea, as a freshman I did what I could thought of. I make website just like the coordinator told me to. Although deep in my mind I thought that this organization's system isn't really good, I don't have the courage to directly confront my superiors. Now that I looked back at that experience. I realized that I should have been able to make changes. I should have been able to take the initiative to do something new and make some experiment.

        What I learned: Through this experience I learned a lot that helps me in my future experiences. I learned that I have the courage to make a positive impact on other. I learn that in order for an organization to thrive, the key is in communication and collaboration. Through the negligence of the organization, I realize that caring for the team is needed.
    
    GRAFKOM
        Intro: Grafkom was a one of the subjects in informatics, it is a short for Grafika Komputer. So that subject requires us to work in teams of 3, to do a project. Every week, we got an assignment that has a 7 day deadline. Those project was such a memorable experience
        
        Problem: So basically grafkom was the hardest subject in Informatics, it requires us to code in a way to make images in our computer. To make it simple, it is like a code for applications such as photoshop and 3d modelling. In those assignments, most of the students have a really hard time finishing it. Even sleeping really late to do the assignment. There was even a time where we couldn't finish it on time, resulting in me taking over almost the whole project. 

        Solution: But yea, I realized that by doing so, it doesn't do any good for my teammates. I shouldn't have done that since the only one that will be learning is me. So, as a leader, I initiated a different way to work. I analyze what had been the trouble, and the problem was simple, they just don't have the focus to actually solve the assignment. So Instead of just assigning my teammates their portion of work, I scheduled weekly calls. So, on the day the assignment was given, I invited my teammates to join a call and work together. I would encourage them to communicate their work and ask questions if needed. I made sure to help them deliver the best without helping them too much or too little. I also made sure that my portion itself meets our target by listening to their perspective on my work. In result, we are able to do the 7 day assigment in just 3-5 days. Letting us have more room for error if anything happens. And yea, if not I would just invite them to play games to celebrate and relax, since my teammates really loves gaming.


WHY SAMPOERNA!!!!!!
    Why not??? I see from instagram and heard from my friend that Sampoerna really cares about its people wellbeing. My dad works in Sampoerna right, I noticed that Sampoerna really care about its employees. Giving them valuables skills and value that can even be used outside the company. I believe that Sampoerna is a great place to work because it gives me the opportunity to work with people that are passionate about what they do and enjoying it. I also believe that Sampoerna held their relatiionship up high, with their employees, business partners, customers, etc, Sampoerna is really thoughtful. They take care of their assets and the most important one which is people.


WHY PnC? PADAHAL DARI IT?
    I believe that the IT field has given me skills such as problem solving, deep understanding of technology, etc. My interest in PnC comes from the desire to explore the "human" side of organizations. Through my experience, I've come to appreciate the importance of collaboration and communication within teams

    By using my background in informatics, I can offer a unique perspective to the PnC team. With the increase of tech usage in HR practice, such as data driven decision making. I see an opportunity to leverage my skills & enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of HR process.

    And by that, I see an opportunity for me to directly contribute to fostering a positive work environment and supporting growth and well being of individuals within the organization. 


VALUES!!!!!
WE CARE
    Self aware: ourself and impact on others
    Inclusive: seek, listen, and learn from different perspective
    Empathetic: act with care, understand other, sensitive to their needs
WE ARE BETTER TOGETHER
    Trust: earn and maintain trust through our action, transparency, honesty, open communication
    Collaborate: have the discipline to set ego, choose long term, come together for a shared purpose
    Celebrate: timely acknowledge, celebrate success, valuing ppl contributions
WE ARE GAME CHANGERS
    Embrace challenges: act with courage and determination to innovate and disrupt
    Agile: take initiatve and thoughtful risk, experiment, adapt, and learn from mistakes
    Drive for Impact: act with energy towards driving outcomes, get things done, achieve impact despite challenges and adversity.

DO YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS FOR US?????????
    Can you tell me more about the team I would be a part of if I pass the interview? And when can I hear updates about whether or not I proceed to the next step? Because I also need to let my university know about my internship and also let my lecturer know when I will resigning from my assistant role.